HW2, CS 625, Spring 2023
================

author: “Shivani Marpadaga”  
date: “2023-02-02”

\#PART1

\#1. How many types (kinds) of pets are there? Ans There are 30
pets(snippet 1(c)).Before there were 83 pets(snippet 1(b)). I have done
Facet-\>Text Facet(snippet 1(a)) and then did corrections on the pet
names. There are certain corrections to the pet names like giunea
pig–\>Guinea Pig frogg——-\>Frog other-cat—\>Cat Leopard—–\>Lizard

\#2. How many dogs? Ans There are 1130 dogs. Before the dogs were listed
with incorrect spellings(snippet 2(a)) like (dig,Digg,doggo etc). Later
i have selected the pet name”s column and did Facet-\>Text Facet(snippet
1(a)) and then selected the dog from the list of pets and tried to edit
the names as follows dig—\>Dog Digg–\>Dog doggo-\>Dog

The result is shown in (snippet 2(b)) with the number of dogs as 1130

\#3. How many breeds of dogs? Ans There are 472 pet breeds.I have
changed their repeated breeds and spelling mistakes by doing Breeds of
dogs-\>Facet-\>Text Facet (snippet 3(a)) and then it displays the dog
breeds list as in (snippet 3(b)) and rest of the other small changes are
done by doing Edit cells-\>Cluster and Edit.(snippet 3(c))

I have corrected the breeds as follows

German Shepard –\>German Shepherd Golden Retriverr–\>Golden Retriever
Greatpyrenies —-\>Great Pyrenees Domestic Shorthaired-\>Domestic
Shorthair

\#4. What’s the most popular dog breed? Ans The most popular dog breed
is Golden Retriever with 175 number of breeds. I have done Facet-\>Text
facet(snippet 1(a)) on the pet’s column and then selected the dog from
the list of pets and then did the following operations (snippet 4(a))

Golden Retriever-\> Facet -\> Text facet -\> Count

This operation gives the result of breed of dogs which is more number of
times repeated

\#5. What’s the age range of the dogs? Ans To find the age range of the
dogs, select the type of pets column and then perform Facet-\>Text
Facet(snippet 1(a)) then select the dogs from the list of pets and
perform the following operations like (snippet 5(a) snippet 5(b) snippet
5(c))

    Sort -> number-> largest->75.

It dispalys the column with all the ages of dogs from highest to lowest
as shown in (snippet 5(d))

\#6. What’s the age range of the guinea pigs? Ans To find the age of the
Guinea pig i have selected the pet’s name column and then done the
Facet-\>Text facet and select the guinea pigs from the list of pets and
then select (snippet 6(a) snippet 6(b)

Sort -\> number-\> largest

After performing the above operation on the column of age , it will
display the ages from highest to the least

\#7. What is the oldest pet? Ans To find the oldest pet, perform the
below operation on the pet’s age column (snippet 7(a),snippet
7(b),snippet 7(c))

    Sort -> number-> largest->167(cat)

It displays the list of ages of pets from highest till the least on
which the cat has the highest number of years which is 167.

\#8. Which are more popular, betta fish or goldfish? How many of each?
Ans To find the number of betta fish, first select Facet-\>Text Facet on
the pet’s name column and then select the betta fish.Then perform the
below operation on betta fish column.(snippet 8(a))

betta fish —\> facet—\> text facet—\>2 count

To find the number of gold fish, first select Facet-\>Text Facet on the
pet’s name column and then select the gold fish.Then perform the below
operation on gold fish column., (snippet 8(b))

goldfish—- \>facet—-\> text facet— \>7 count.

\#9 What’s the most popular everyday name for a cat? Ans select the type
of pets column and then perform Facet-\>Text Facet then select the cats
from the list of pets and perform the following operations like as in
(snippet 9(a), snippet 9(b), snippet 9(c))

Pets everyday name -\> facet -\> textfacet-\>count-\> KITTY(7)

\#10 What’s the most popular full name for a dog? Ans select the type of
pets column and then perform Facet-\>Text Facet then select the dog from
the list of pets and perform the following operations as in (snippet
10(a), snippet 10(b), snippet10(c))

Pets Full name -\> facet -\> textfacet-\>count-\> DAISY(12)

\#PART2

\#1. How many types (kinds) of pets are there? Ans There are 30 pets.

Facet-\>Text Facet-\>30

\#2. How many dogs? Ans There are 1130 dogs

     What kind of pet->Facet->Text Facet->Dog->1130

\#3. How many breeds of dogs? Ans There are 472 breeds

    Pet's breed-> Facet->Text Facet->472

\#4. What’s the most popular dog breed? Ans The most popular dog breed
is Golden Retriever with 174 number of breeds

\#5. What’s the age range of the dogs? Ans The age range of the dog is
from 0 to 75 years

      Sort -> number-> largest->75

\#6. What’s the age range of the guinea pigs? Ans The age range of the
guinea pig is from 0 to 5 years

     Guinea pig -> Sort -> number-> largest->5

\#7. What is the oldest pet? Ans Cat is the oldest pet with 167 years

    Sort -> number-> largest->167(cat)

\#8. Which are more popular, betta fish or goldfish? How many of each?
Ans The popular is goldfish with count 7 and the least popular is betta
fish with count 2

betta fish — facet— text facet— 2 count goldfish—- facet—- text facet— 7
count

\#9 What’s the most popular everyday name for a cat? Ans The popular
name for everyday cat is KITTY which is repeated 7 times

    Pets everyday name -> facet -> textfacet->count-> KITTY(7)

\#10 What’s the most popular full name for a dog? Ans The most popular
full name for a dog is DAISY which is repeated 12times

Pets Full name -\> facet -\> textfacet-\>count-\> DAISY
